(All characters, organizations, locations,)
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
(Car insurance)
(Repair cost, 320 dollars, medical fee, 110 dollars)
(Repair cost, 244 dollars, medical fee, 132 dollars)
Hey.
If you were going to go, you should've gone.
Why did you suddenly stop?
(Medical insurance, medical fee, 254 dollars)
Sir, sir. Are you all right?
In 1, 2, 3. Charge.
In 2017, the percentage of...
insurance purchase rate in Korea is 95 percent.
There is only five percent chance you'll meet...
someone who has zero insurance plan.
Are they not worried...
or do they have no life to prepare for?
Thanks to 95 percent of people...
who pay an average of 4,000 dollars per year,
the insurance companies...
get to deal with unthinkable load of money.
4.5 million dollars of insurance fraud...
didn't get caught last year.
Claims examiners still don't have...
the rights to investigate and arrest.
So that's why...
there are all kinds of insurance scammers.
And there are even trends...
in insurance fraud.
The current fad is...
collusion.
He's here.
(Episode 1)
Player Jang is going in.
Can we save all the data?
All the charts are in there.
I don't know if it'll boot up.
Let's see.
Would you like something cold to drink?
Diet Coke, please.
Sugar startles my muscles.
I'll go get it.
I'm ready.
Estimated time?
Quad core. GPU 610.
4GB RAM.
It's an old model.
If my paw makes a mistake, about 10 minutes?
Your paw? A mistake?
Do you want to be beat up?
You'll beat me again?
Exit in 10 minutes. Twice if possible.
If not, three times?
Let's see.
It's a first degree sprain.
Would you get surgery?
I don't want a scar.
Then it'll only be a maximum of three weeks.
With surgery?
Up to two months is possible.
With the surgery treaty,
you'll take more than 10,000 dollars.
If I stay in the hospital for two months,
I'll be out of shape.
Is there a gym?
Well, security is critical here.
So we don't show it to just anyone.
But I can't stay just anywhere.
I guess it won't work then.
Since you came here on a referral,
I'll make an exception.
Goodness.
You're here to make money.
You can't get out of shape.
He runs so well.
That man got a million dollars for angina.
A million for angina?
But he runs so well.
He doesn't move an inch when he's in his room.
He runs like that...
only on the day before he gets discharged.
He says he's checking his fitness.
That patient is amazing.
Sun, tree creeper, robin.
He's here with a few police officers.
What's that? Let's get out.
Hurry up. Let's leave.
Let's go.
(Saving)
Hello, Director.
It's Manager Park Moo Shin of Taeyang Insurance's...
Claims Examination Team.
Do I need to call the police again?
I knew you'd do that, so...
- Sergeant Kim? - Yes.
It's a search warrant for insurance fraud...
according to Insurance Fraud Law Article eight.
We'll start the search and seizure.
Goodness.
We've known each other for years.
The police brought a warrant.
Player Jang, proceed upstairs.
- Did you save it? - Of course.
Take the hardware out.
Excuse me.
Player Jang, where are you?
I'm on the rooftop.
Get ready.
Nice.
Let's keep going.
Good work.
Hey! You!
Tree creepers got our tail.
Turn right.
Cheetah is coming here, right?
Pardon?
I'm claustrophobic.
- Be quiet. - Okay.
Those lawbreaking punks.
I'll get you all today.
Step on it!
Well...
We'll get caught!
Who says?
3, 2, 1, 0.
I got you, punk.
Hold on tight.
They're getting away.
Darn it.
You're the best.
Sorry, we're late.
Good work.
Where's the bait?
Ta-da.
Gosh, you're so dirty.
All right.
Let's catch him.
Sir, you have a keen eye.
It's hard to find a property like this.
Ma'am, you picked the right one.
Gosh, I finally get to meet you.
(Choi Kang Woo, Mad Dog)
I'm Choi Kang Woo from Mad Dog.
Mad... Mad Dog?
It's called Mad Dog Cooperative.
Do you know me?
Of course.
You have seven different...
life insurances, right?
How do you know that?
How dare you...
pry into personal information?
Personal information.
That's very important.
Lee Han Dong, you received a million dollars of...
insurance money for angina for the past three years.
It says you can't breathe...
if you walk for more than five minutes.
Honey, can't you breathe?
Relax.
Honey.
Which one is the truth?
Can you run...
or not?
He runs like that...
only on the day before he gets discharged.
He says he's checking his fitness.
That's...
Mad Dog is a cure for a man like you,
insurance scammer Lee Han Dong.
What are you talking about?
Hey, punk.
You're done now.
(Episode 1, Collusion)
22 doctors and patients were arrested...
for illegally cooperating on an insurance fraud.
Financial Supervisory System...
and the police worked together in this.
They worked together to arrest the culprits?
I'm sorry, but we caught them.
Life Insurance Association has deposited a reward...
of 10,000 dollars in each of our bank accounts.
Yes!
Let's drink and wrap this up. Cheers.
Okay.
Kang Woo, you punk.
Will you keep ruining Claims Examiner's image?
It's you who ruined its image.
You lured Sergeant Kim to issue a search warrant.
But he came out empty-handed.
He thanked us for cleaning up your mess.
You drink soju bomb, right?
Soon Jung, go ahead and make one for him.
Yes, sir.
You jerk. Is this what you do after resigning?
You break the laws saying you're some kind of...
private investigation group.
You trespass places and record illegally.
Do you have proof?
You drove the jeep to the hospital garage, right?
Not every jeep is Ha Ri's.
It was me, Mr. Choi.
I had the afternoon off and went to the hospital.
Right, you sprained your ankle.
Is it okay now?
I met such a great doctor.
You guys will be done for soon enough.
We're restoring the hospital computer system.
We'll find the proof...
that you illegally copied the hospital files.
Don't be like an amateur.
That's not the proof you need to arrest us.
There's no other private investigation team...
who did such a thing other than you.
Bring me the evidence, not your suspicion.
All right. Let's say it wasn't your doing.
Where did you get the files?
We keep our informant's identity as secret.
Informant, my foot.
The hospital was in this together.
They must've hidden the files deep inside.
Look. None of us are capable of finding that.
He can't do that. She can't do that.
- Soon Jung, you. - What?
He's terrible at using machines.
He doesn't even use a smartphone.
You. You're in charge of machines, right?
He's allergic to sunlight. He never works on spot.
Look at you.
This is just as I expected.
You would've made me disappointed otherwise.
This is why we're...
- Mad Dog! - Mad Dog!
You lunatics.
I'll make sure to arrest each one of you myself...
if you keep ignoring the laws like this.
We opened our business only recently.
Let us survive.
- Kang Woo, you jerk. - What?
Will you keep living all messed up?
Aren't you ashamed of your late wife and son?
Move him out of my sight.
Yes, sir.
- It's time - What?
- to say goodbye - Let go.
Kang Woo, you punk!
- See you again - Let me go.
It's time
(Dongshin Daily)
("2nd Anniversary of Juhan Air 801 Accident")
[VIU Ver] E01 Mad Dog "Mad Dog in Action"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Come to the office by 10am tomorrow.
(Dongshin Daily)
(Injured tenants got kicked out.)
(The building owner got the insurance money.)
You look much better now.
It seems like you had fun...
working out in the field.
Did you ask for me?
You want me to go straight to the point?
Our company is detecting the least number of...
con artists in the industry these days.
So I've thought about it,
and Moo Shin isn't enough.
I need you to come back.
If I catch Ko Jin Chul, can I kill him?
You can't kill people.
Can I kill him?
That's enough, Kang Woo.
Please stay healthy, Chairman Cha.
(Injured tenants got kicked out.)
Here. You must be hungry.
Eat this.
Have this.
I'll hold it in the meantime.
Thank you.
Goodness.
(He must not get money for poor construction!)
(Injured tenants got kicked out.)
- This is useless. - What?
This country doesn't listen to poor people.
Okay, let's go.
I'll listen to what you have to say.
Let's go.
Come.
(Do not enter.)
(Landlord, Ahn Chi Hoon)
I had so much food to deliver that day.
Keep up the good work.
- Here's your drink. - Thank you.
Good job today.
- Eat a lot. - Okay.
We have four more orders to go.
Dad, fix this for me.
I'll do it for you after I come back.
(3 minutes before the accident)
What's going on?
- What? - What's going on?
It's an earthquake.
- Run. - Goodness.
Hey! Come out quickly!
Seon Ho!
Hurry.
- Goodness. - What's going on?
- What's happening? - Gosh.
- Look over there. - There!
I think the building is going to collapse.
- Goodness. - Oh, my.
- There. - Goodness.
- What should we do? - Goodness.
It's going to collapse.
- Wait. - What?
- Goodness. - What should we do?
Seon Ho!
- No. - Don't go in there.
Oh, no!
Goodness!
- My goodness! - Run!
She held onto Seon Ho until the last moment,
so it's a miracle that he's not hurt much.
But she is...
Did you ask the landlord for a compensation?
He says he's not responsible for this.
He won't even meet with me.
Goodness, Ms. Oh.
How could I ever repay you?
Plants are prohibited in the hospital.
That is why I prepared artificial flowers.
How long will you work as an insurance investigator?
Until a post for a nurse opens up in pediatrics.
Then you'll have to keep doing that.
Come on.
Here's the medical chart. This is the last time.
Keep it confidential.
Ms. Oh.
Please drop that behavior when you return to work.
(Medical Diagnosis)
Goodness.
If she wakes up, she'll end up with aftereffects.
(Facial contusion, concussion, in coma)
(Injury due to a building collapse)
How can that landlord stay silent when she is...
this badly hurt? That jerk.
(Lumbar CT Scan)
And he has the nerve to claim 2.3 million dollars.
Goodness, he must've been through quite a lot.
It's all because of this.
It's all because I dropped this robot.
Mommy.
That's not true.
He could be here now because you saved him.
You did well. You did a great job.
But my mommy is badly hurt.
Do you want me to find the guy who hurt her?
Do you want me to punish him for you?
I want to be a part. Let me punish him too.
No way.
Seon Ho, you have to protect your dad.
I'll go with him. Okay?
Make sure you give him a good punishment.
I will.
I'll make sure I do that.
("Happy House")
- Thank you. - No, I thank you.
- Hello. - Hello.
Hello.
The landlord, Architect Ahn Chi Hoon.
He's been appearing on a TV Show at no charge,
which builds houses for low-income households.
He rose in popularity as a handsome architect.
That's what he may seem like on the outside.
Do you remember that rumor about...
the son of a high official who's a serious druggie?
Rumors say Mr. Ahn is running errands for him.
Gosh, he's a man of many different colors.
Where is he headed?
He's going near a place where he was two days ago.
It looks like he's on his way to see a barmaid.
Hey.
- Hello. - Is she here?
Yes, she's been waiting for you.
You'll have another great day.
Hey, it's been a while.
You got prettier.
He didn't say anything like that.
He isn't worried about how his building collapsed?
Yes, from what she said, he was completely sure...
he has no responsibilities in this incident.
Why is that? I'm very curious.
Guys, let's go and meet the guy.
(Architect Ahn Chi Hoon)
You look tired.
Someone released an article a few days ago.
Trashy journalists claim I did poor construction...
without looking into the facts.
Mad Dog? Which company are you affiliated with?
I work for the same person as this guy.
Lee Seon Ho.
Who's Lee Seon Ho?
Lee Seon Ho, a six-year-old.
The dakgalbi place's son on the first floor.
Goodness.
What do you think you're doing?
What do you think?
A tenant in your building requested that...
an investigation be done about the accident.
Why would a tenant need to know that?
Do they think they'll get some money?
This is why Korea never makes progress.
People are like beggars.
They should try to make a living for themselves.
When they see anyone they can take advantage of,
they will bite onto them and never go.
You're right.
A mad dog is...
onto you, Mr. Ahn.
A dog?
What do you need? Tell me what you want.
We need anything and everything.
I'll give you everything.
Take them all.
The building was not poorly constructed.
In that case, I will conduct...
a thorough and meticulous investigation very slowly.
Who do you think you are?
Your wink is the best way to make women go away.
Shut your mouth.
Mission cleared.
Seven minutes until we exit.
Something modern, European, yet classical.
But if it's too classical, it'll be too tacky.
Do you have anything modern yet classical?
We do have something like that.
Give me a moment.
What about the ceiling?
- Are you all right? - Yes.
I was afraid of a cockroach on the floor.
A cockroach?
Where is it? Where?
Catch it, okay? Make sure you catch it.
My gosh.
- What's with him? - I thought you'd...
hit it off with him, but it's more work for you.
- She expected something. - Stop joking around.
I'll punch your faces. Mission cleared.
Three minutes until we exit.
Who are you?
I'm from the investigative agency.
Are you here for documents of the collapsed building?
Give me a moment.
(Ahn Construction, security level high)
I've been preventing dementia.
If you do this,
it'll increase blood flow in your brain.
Is that so?
Are you in your 40s?
Some think I'm still in my late 30s.
Your fingertips are numb, and you're forgetful.
It's not that bad yet.
- What about you? - I'm still young.
Try doing this.
Like this?
Now, 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4.
And 1, 2, 1, 2.
Great.
(Kim Min Joon)
The building pictures match the blueprint.
What about Ahn's dash cam?
He formatted it. It's spotless.
Gosh, he's very quick.
What about a footage of the accident?
This is a video from the building's inside.
I think we can get a video taken from the outside...
to see how the building collapsed...
from the dash cam of the car...
parked illegally across the street.
But I'll have to look up the license plate number.
- Is that so? - Yes.
In that case...
(Jo Han Wu)
Your call cannot be connected.
- Leave a message... - Ha Ri.
I'll be back.
That's disgusting.
The women take turns and spit in Ahn's coffee.
Detective Jo, where are you going?
Hey. This isn't a detective agency.
Get out of here while I'm being nice.
People are watching. Will you be okay?
Why wouldn't I be okay?
Hey.
Hey. No.
Put it back on.
Hey, I've known you for a while now.
I won't get tricked. Leave!
Honey, I know you're a cop,
but you can't leave without paying your tab.
Hey, are you high?
How can you exploit a poor girl like me?
Hey, are you crazy?
Go! Leave!
Which way is to the chief's office?
Hey.
What do you want? Tell me.
The car owner's name and his number.
How does Kang Woo call himself my friend?
No, not this way.
Checkmate.
Gosh, why can't you go easy on me?
Why are you here...
playing chess with an old man?
A building collapsed.
Architect Ahn Chi Hoon?
He's famous.
Is he a crook?
Well, I'll look into him.
Then you'll have to look into the building.
Hyun Jung Hwa, the best Jung Hwa?
He's a member of my ping pong club.
He was a manager of an architecture institute.
I hear he's quite an important figure.
I'm sorry I keep asking you a favor.
Thanks for entertaining an old retired man.
Tell him Sharp Smash sent you.
"Sharp Smash"?
Isn't it a cool nickname?
Smash.
Nice.
Great job.
Hello.
I'm Kim Min Joon from Ahn Construction.
You don't want it to be a shoddy construction...
and you do, right?
I want the truth.
I don't want it to be a shoddy construction.
- You don't? - If it is, then...
the company will close, and I'll lose a job.
The plan looks fine.
It should've been okay for 100 years.
Right?
Then the construction must have been shoddy.
It must've been.
Do you have a video of it collapsing?
That'll tell us why it collapsed.
We're looking for it.
But construction-wise,
there was nothing wrong on paper.
Documents can be fabricated.
The builders write up the paper.
It's not my boss's fault.
If he was in on it, then it's his fault.
Come on, you mean my boss?
You have no proof he didn't do it.
Then do you have proof that he did it?
Yes?
We need a video of the building collapsing...
to prove that the builder is at fault.
Did you get the video?
There are no surveillance videos recorded.
I'm trying to get a hold of a dash cam.
Let's check Ahn Chi Hoon's construction site first.
All right.
I'll sweep every little detail.
It's show time.
Okay.
All right.
He's been building a luxury villa like this.
Proof for shoddy construction.
Sent.
Look at these.
Okay.
There's a light on the left.
Get a few more of brighter ones.
I made it bright. Use the computer.
It's too dark.
Okay, sir.
What was that? Who's there?
What's going on?
I shouldn't get tangled up in a crime scene.
Cheetah, exit.
- Okay. - What are you doing?
Stop there.
- Don't come close. - Hey.
Help me!
Gosh.
No.
Ex-con Park Soon Jung.
If you're caught, you'll get aggravated punishment.
Yes, I'm an ex-con.
Aggravated punishment.
No.
Hey. What are you doing?
Boss.
I really hate myself for doing this.
I'm sorry.
Go easy on them.
Don't worry.
Who is that?
Who are you?
I'm Cheetah, you punk.
It's show time.
You punk.
Gosh.
Please.
I told you not to move.
You know, I'm certified.
I'm a certified nurse.
I can't thank you enough.
The manager said...
Ahn Construction repeatedly moved up...
the construction closure dates,
and they ignored...
the poor quality of rebars...
and the lack of concrete.
0381. Isn't that the car?
Isn't he handing over the memory card?
Gosh, that cockroach.
A cockroach?
Where is it? Where?
Catch it, okay?
Make sure you catch it.
Gosh.
He knows my face, so you should go get it.
May I punch him?
Can I?
Excuse me.
Aren't you from Mad Dog?
- Me? - He was expecting you...
for the dash cam memory card.
I'm...
Kim Min Joon from Ahn Construction.
Ahn Construction.
Why are you here?
For the same reason you are here.
To collect evidence.
Ahn Chi Hoon.
Why did he order his employee to do this?
I'll take that.
For free?
Then what?
What's in here?
Mr. Kim Min Joon from Ahn Construction.
Why are you here?
Because I'm curious.
I'm really interested in detective agencies.
A detective agency?
Can a detective agency handle this case?
Shouldn't a famous...
If they're a neighborhood soccer club players,
we're like Lionel Messi.
Messi.
Mr. Kim Min Joon.
I asked you why you are here.
Because I'm bored.
An adequate stimulation is good for you.
- Like this? - Yes.
1, 2...
Yes!
(Importing data)
It's dancing.
Whoever built it did an amazing job.
I knew it. The billboard fell and hit the building.
The building shook first. That's why it fell.
That's an opinion of a layman.
Specialist Kim Min Joon.
Then why did the billboard fall?
Before talking about that,
it's not like there was an earthquake.
So why did the building shake?
Mr. Choi.
Yes?
By any chance, have you heard of Heinrich's Law?
No.
It's a publicly convincing law...
in the field of industrial accident.
"For every accident that causes a major injury,"
"there are 29 accidents..."
"that cause minor injuries..."
"and 300 accidents that cause no injuries."
- So? - We must find out...
29 minor accidents...
and 300 accidents without any injuries.
So you'll find all of them no matter...
- how long it takes? - Yes.
What about the injured tenant then?
What are you going to do about it?
Tenant?
That little...
Specialist Mr. Kim Min Joon?
It costs 50 dollars per day for a patient...
to be hospitalized in a 6-person ward.
Isn't it cheaper than expected?
But you know what? Including medicine,
medical machine usage, and everything, it costs...
thousands of dollars a month.
Whether they die or not,
do you insist on...
investigating on all those for months and years?
Have you no conscience?
You caused the accident,
so you need to think about saving injured people.
Whether they die or not, you bring out...
that petty publicly convincing law and what?
You'll find out hundreds of what?
Be rational.
What's important now is why...
the building collapsed. Isn't that right?
So you think it's not important...
that people got injured?
Unless it's due to poor construction.
- What if it is? - I bet it's not.
You want to bet?
Bet?
What will you give me if I win this bet?
What do you want?
Mad Dog.
What?
Deal.
- Mr. Choi. - Instead,
if you lose,
get us the evidence of...
Ahn Construction's corruption.
I know it isn't due to poor construction.
- Deal. - Deal.
Oh, right. Heinrich's Law wasn't...
claimed by unconscientious architects.
Herbert Heinrich was an insurance inspector...
just like you.
Well, then. I'll see you again.
Why that little...
Mr. Choi.
What? Are you not confident?
The guy...
has a pretty high security level...
of internal authorization.
(Ahn Construction)
Let's get to work.
Seon Ho is waiting.
Thank you.
(Insurance Claim)
This is why you shouldn't...
judge people by their appearance.
Ahn Chi Hoon is the perfect example.
He's an architect, and it makes him look nice.
But...
he has a history in the insurance field.
How bad is it?
He would've been convicted for four times...
if he got caught for all his deeds.
Goodness.
He was extra careful that he made...
only one contract with each company.
What should we do now?
Mad Dog caught him right.
"Fire caused by the building collapse".
His scale grew from tens of thousands of dollars...
to 2.3 million dollars all of a sudden.
- Noo Ri. - Yes?
What was that again? Heinrich?
Hold on.
"For every accident that causes a major injury,"
"there are 29 accidents to cause minor injuries,"
"and 300 accidents that cause no injuries."
Noo Ri.
Replay the dash cam footages...
of the illegally parked cars.
From which date do we start?
- Everything. - Why?
What is this for?
I'm playing it now.
Here.
Stop.
Rewind.
Again.
Stop.
Rewind.
Zoom in.
It's shaking.
Unbelievable.
When was this filmed?
September 16, 2 days before the accident.
If the building was constructed properly...
It shouldn't shake more than once.
Where's Min Joon?
How do I know?
Goodness.
I didn't mean that.
Hi, Mr. Kim Min Joon.
Mr. Choi?
That's right.
We meet again here.
I know.
Do you want some?
You really don't have to. Thank you.
Thank you for this.
My pleasure.
Gosh, it's sweet. It's really sweet.
It's good.
Specialist Mr. Kim Min Joon?
Shall we continue what's good?
Pardon?
Cockroach?
We meet again.
Were you working undercover then?
Isn't that illegal?
I went to consult to build my own house.
Drink this if you feel a little uncomfortable.
They used different materials...
from what they proposed to the client.
I went through it as well.
It's cheaper than the promised material,
but it's used by many others, so it's all right.
It's poor conscience, not poor construction?
Exactly.
They're known for advancing the due date...
by pressing subcontractors during their construction.
Haven't you read the inspection papers?
It was because they went through some repair work.
And...
this isn't the collapsed building.
How about this?
It's Mr. Ahn's insurance claim...
regarding the fire in 2012.
Please read the details yourself.
"One-story building collapse".
How much insurance money did he take?
He took 12,000 dollars from EIC Insurance...
and 23,000 dollars from HG Insurance.
Gosh, he's a repeat offender.
That changes the story.
The police will reinvestigate on this too.
What should you do?
We caught you just right.
You didn't.
And the building shook before the accident.
Why would it shake if it had no problem?
Isn't it impossible unless it was poorly constructed?
Specialist Mr. Kim Min Joon.
You knew it, right?
Is this all?
Then...
Shall I begin now?
Cheerfully.
Professor.
Hey, Ha Ri.
Our newbie asked us for a little help.
How have you been?
You've become so pretty.
I'm doing just the same.
Goodness.
What is this?
You're just so strange.
Hey. All right.
Mr. Kim.
I'm not getting the picture here.
You'll get wet if you stand here.
All right. Shall we begin?
- What? - Are you okay?
What is this?
The cause was resonance.
Doesn't it look like these are shaking?
All buildings have their own frequency.
If that coincides with the frequency...
resonating from the outside,
the pulse gets bigger and bigger,
which begins to cause vibrations.
This is called resonance.
A few days before the accident,
some sports dancers rented out the yoga gym.
The frequency caused by the dancers...
and the pulse made by the speakers...
coincided with the building's frequency,
and the building began to shake.
Steel-frame structures like billboards...
are very vulnerable to waves.
As the amplitude increased with constant stimulation,
the billboard was impacted with larger waves.
When another resonance broke out...
after the billboard's clamps loosened...
(September 18, 2017, 4:48pm)
Are you telling me to believe that nonsense?
Look, it's because of the strong wind.
Hey.
That's a bridge designed to withstand...
the worst tornado.
And researches revealed the cause as resonance.
Resonance?
If the cause was poor construction,
the whole building would've collapsed.
As you can see,
the other parts are fine.
Are you saying it wasn't poorly constructed?
Mr. Kim.
Your boss has claimed much insurance money...
by faking accidents due to poor constructions.
That's none of my business.
The point is that...
this one isn't due to poor construction.
We will claim for the insurance money.
(2.3 million dollars of insurance money paid.)
- Hey, Han Wu. - Hey.
How dare you pick my cabinet in the station?
What are you talking about?
Don't play innocent with me.
You put documents of Ahn Chi Hoon's corruption,
such as his bribery in my cabinet.
What?
It looks like...
a few high officials will lose their jobs.
After all, I find you here.
You jerk.
You two were in league from the beginning.
- You two? - Isn't that true?
Get out.
It really isn't poor construction this time.
What if...
I prove that it wasn't poor construction?
Is that possible?
Instead,
I'll take the compensation of 2.3 million dollars.
Split it by 50 to 50.
I'm sorry I wasn't much help. I apologize.
No, you were very helpful.
Hello.
I had to express my gratitude.
Oh, we didn't do much.
Use it for your wife's treatment.
We got more because we're a three-person family.
Got what?
The 2.3 million dollars of insurance money.
Ahn Chi Hoon gave it out to every tenant.
- What? - Ahn Chi Hoon did that?
(Transfer 500,000 dollars)
(Accident compensation)
Your drinks are ready.
(Accident compensation, Ahn Chi Hoon, 500,000)
Is this the intellectual crime unit...
of Daemyeong Police Station?
I want to make a report.
There is an illegal gambling going on...
at Grint Hotel's suite in Nonhyeon-dong.
It's room 1301.
I saw them when I delivered room service.
They're betting money by 100,000 dollars,
and I think there were about 5 to 6 people.
Stay still, everyone.
If not, you will get hurt.
That's a dead end.
Request backup.
Yes, sir.
Hello, sir.
Goodness, you are a familiar face.
Where are you going? I'm here to deliver these.
- Right now? - Darn it.
Kim Min Joon, that punk.
He gave out the money to all the tenants,
and reported Ahn Chi Hoon to the police.
He's a modern day Robin Hood.
A con man is just a con man.
Where is he?
I do have his location, but...
He's right here in our office.
He must've taken it off.
Goodness, how will I get this kid?
Does it say he's still here?
Mr. Kim Min Joon.
Where are you now?
You jerk.
So this is how I get to meet my tenants.
Your tenants?
What kind of a landlord would allow anyone...
to bring in a fish tank and shake up the building?
I bought it out.
They say, landlords before the Creator.
You know, don't you?
So is the landlord here to see the tenants himself?
I didn't come for nothing.
I came because I must get something from you.
Don't you remember?
What will you give me if I win this bet?
What do you want?
Mad Dog.
Give it to me.
Are you crazy?
Manager Park of Taeyang Insurance...
seemed to be pretty free nowadays.
Pentium, Cheetah, Player Jang,
and Mad Dog, Choi Kang Woo.
Do you want me to bring the proof...
to all the illegal deeds which you've done...
in the name of catching con artists?
Where did you learn to bluff?
How do you know if I'm bluffing?
Do you want to bet?
Let's bet the most precious thing in life.
Something you can't change even if you die.
Something you can't throw out even if you die.
Something you can't erase...
even if you die.
What's that?
Family.
This time, let's bet our family.
My dear.
My son.
(Mad Dog)
He took a total of 670,000 dollars of money.
There's no fraud who would kill a man the first time.
Could he be an accomplice?
Find something useful for the case?
What should I do?
You aren't alone.
Don't go in by yourself!
Cheetah! Be careful!
Two years ago,
we almost met.
No!
Don't think.
Don't judge.
Right now, I'm leaking inside information.
You'll have to continue living, Kang Woo.
You'll pay 3.4 million dollars, won't you?
I'm Kim Bum Joon's brother Kim Min Joon.